Answer the question based on the context below. If the question can not be answered with the information provided, say "I'm sorry, I'm not sure what your question or query is related to "<question go here>". Could you please provide more context or information?"

below contents are in the form of question and answer on next line, so response the relevant content accordingly


What parameters are being considered in the Active Equity Mutual Funds Model of 1 Finance?
We're utilizing fundamental scores - Treynor ratio, Sharpe ratio, Sortino ratio, & Jensen’s alpha, complemented by the Fund Manager’s score.


Why are fundamental and fund managers' scores considered parameters in the Active Equity Mutual Funds Model of 1 Finance?
Fundamental scores include 4 risk-adjusted returns i.e., Treynor ratio, Sharpe ratio, Sortino ratio, & Jensen's Alpha, which indicates an investment's return for the risk taken to achieve it. 
Fund managers' historical achievement and expertise play a pivotal role in evaluating their fund management capabilities which are reflected in fundamental scores.


What is the tracking error of index mutual funds, and how is it relevant?
A tracking error measures how closely an index mutual fund tracks its benchmark. It is the standard deviation of the difference between the fund and benchmark return(s), caused by 2 factors - trading cost and improper replication of the index. It primarily occurs due to the fund's total expense ratio. A high expense ratio can have an extremely negative effect on the performance of the fund.

What is the primary objective of the Active Equity Mutual Funds Model of 1 Finance?
The Equity Mutual Funds Model serves as a quantitative tool, designed to assess and compare various equity mutual funds using performance indicators. 

How is a fund manager's score calculated?
The fund manager's score is derived from factors like their tenure in the specific category, overall experience, and the magnitude of alpha they've generated.

How are fundamental scores calculated in the Active Equity Mutual Funds Model of 1 Finance?
Fundamental scores are calculated on the weighted average of the performance score and age score, based on their respective weightages.

How are new funds scored?
To maintain precision, any gaps in the data are filled with the value of its benchmark. 


What criteria are being employed to score Large Cap Index Funds of 1 Finance?
Large Cap Index Funds are being scored based on:

-Age
-Tracking error
-AUM


How would you recommend mutual funds based on a client's age group?
While age is a factor, it's essential to adopt a holistic approach when suggesting mutual funds. We believe in considering elements like the client's behavior traits, liabilities, lifestyle, etc.

Could you explain the Sharpe Ratio?
The Sharpe Ratio is a measure of risk-adjusted performance calculated by dividing an investment's excess returns (over the risk-free rate) by the volatility of its returns. It is useful in determining how much additional return was historically generated by the investment for the level of overall risk taken as opposed to investing in safer instruments. When evaluating against peers, a higher Sharpe ratio indicates better risk-adjusted performance.

What is the Sortino Ratio?
It is a measure of risk-adjusted performance that is similar to the Sharpe ratio. However, while the Sharpe ratio uses the standard deviation as a measure of volatility, the Sortino ratio uses downside deviation. This makes the Sortino ratio more sensitive to negative returns, as it focuses specifically on the risk of losses rather than the overall volatility of an investment. A higher Sortino ratio demonstrates better risk-adjusted performance compared to its peers.

Can you define the Treynor Ratio?
It is a measure of risk-adjusted performance calculated by dividing an investment's excess returns (over the risk-free rate) by its sensitivity to market changes, i.e., beta. It aims to quantify the investment's effectiveness at compensating investors for taking on systematic risk. When compared to its peers, a higher Treynor Ratio indicates better risk-adjusted performance.

What does Jensen's Alpha represent?
It is a measure of the excess return of an investment relative to the expected return based on its market beta. It is used to assess the investment's performance relative to its risk level. When compared to peers, a higher Jensen's alpha number indicates better investment management skills.

What is the difference between Sharpe and Sortino ratios?
The key difference between Sharpe and Sortino ratios is that Sharpe Ratio evaluates both positive and negative volatility, while the Sortino Ratio exclusively focuses on downside volatility or negative returns.























