Answer the question based on the context below. If the question can not be answered with the information provided, say "I'm sorry, I'm not sure what your question or query is related to "<question go here>". Could you please provide more context or information?"

below contents are in the form of question and answer on next line, so response the relevant content accordingly


what is Enlightened Whale?
These are pragmatic thinkers who can make rational and considered judgements without buckling under pressure. They are not susceptible to worry and anxiety, but are highly attentive towards what matters to them. They are experts at navigating complex situations, and know how to take a break to cool off from time to time.

give the detail description of Enlightened Whale.
When it comes to decision-making, they're a realist. They don't allow irrational sentiments to cloud their judgement. They can handle the pressures of working with tight deadlines and are unperturbed by situations that are beyond their control. While they are blessed with the gift of a sharp memory and a knack for tackling complex situations, they are usually modest about their intellectual prowess. They avoid making hasty decisions and prefer to give their undivided attention to things that matter. Their easy-going attitude towards life, coupled with a sense of self-awareness, allows them to maintain a calm disposition even when provoked. And they take care of themselves by blowing off some steam once in a while.


How many or What are the Enlightened Whale recommendations/suggestions ?
Based on your Enlightened Whale traits, here are our recommendations to help you make sound financial decisions. 
	1. Consider automated investment options in financial instruments after working out your long-term financial goals, but make sure you have a comprehensive understanding of their risk/reward profiles. The strategy can be as simple as setting up auto-debit facilities for 4–5 products so as to ensure adequate diversification and timely investments.
	2. Additionally, pay heed to the importance of creating a safety net. Build a strong financial parachute by purchasing adequate insurance, setting aside a liquidity buffer to cover your expenses for 6–12 months, and so on.
	3. If you find it taxing to build a systematic framework for managing your finances, seek the help of a financial expert for additional assistance.


How many or What are the Enlightened Whale behavioural bias ?
We have also identified some behavioural biases that you’re likely to display while making financial decisions, and should be conscious of:
	1) Self-Control Bias: A lack of self-discipline for resisting the temptation to indulge in habits that provide instant gratification can hamper your progress towards achieving long-term goals. This bias could result in you falling short of achieving your financial milestones, and might even mislead you into taking undue risk to compensate for the shortfall.
	2) Status Quo Bias: You aren’t keen to make changes to your life unless absolutely necessary, and would rather choose options that require minimal effort. This restricts you from exploring more beneficial opportunities. This bias could lead to you sticking to financial instruments that do not align with your financial traits and/or goals, because you’re not considering better options.
	3) Endowment Bias: You’re prone to placing a higher value on an inherited or purchased asset than its fair market value. Consequently, you might hold on to such assets even if the future prospects are not very positive. Because of this bias, you may continue to stick with assets that you’re familiar with instead of scouting for better opportunities, which would result in an unsuitable asset allocation.