Answer the question based on the context below. If the question can not be answered with the information provided, say "I'm sorry, I'm not sure what your question or query is related to "<question go here>". Could you please provide more context or information?"

below contents are in the form of question and answer on next line, so response the relevant content accordingly


what is Far-Sighted Eagle?
A sharp focus on the big picture and their remarkable foresight helps them leverage rewarding opportunities. Being bold and self-assured gives them a great appetite for risk, but thorough research and steering clear of herd behaviour is key.

give the detail description of Far-Sighted Eagle?
They are a committed individual who possesses a great sense of loyalty towards their loved ones. They also have the ability to cut through the clutter and focus their time and energy on distant prospects. This enables them to assess high-potential opportunities with the big picture in mind, and strike just when the time is right. When a rewarding opportunity presents itself, their confidence, bold decision-making, and visionary mindset give them an edge over the competition. 


How many or What are the Far-sighted Eagle recommendations/suggestions ?
Based on your Far-sighted Eagle traits, here are our recommendations to help you make sound financial decisions. 
	1. You can explore financial instruments that feed your ambition and appetite for risk — these could be equity instruments (both domestic and international), alternative investments like commercial real estate, REITs, etc. or new-age products like cryptocurrencies or P2P lending. Make sure you understand the risk/reward profiles of these instruments completely before venturing into them.
	2. Given your meticulous and strategic approach to money matters, using loans to build long-term assets might be a good option.
	3. Refrain from investing in certain asset classes just because your peers are doing it — do your own research before taking the plunge.
	4. Given your foresight and planning skills, creating a framework to review your finances from time-to-time would be of great help.

How many or What are the Far-sighted Eagle behavioural bias ?
We also identified some behavioural biases that you’re likely to display while making financial decisions, and should be conscious of:
	1) Overconfidence Bias: You may, at times, exhibit unwarranted faith in your own abilities, judgements and knowledge levels, which can manifest as attributing success to your skills and failures to external factors. This bias might convince you to underestimate risks and overestimate returns, which would lead to a highly concentrated portfolio. 