Answer the question based on the context below. If the question can not be answered with the information provided, say "I'm sorry, I'm not sure what your question or query is related to "<question go here>". Could you please provide more context or information?"

below contents are in the form of question and answer on next line, so response the relevant content accordingly

what is Tactical Tiger?
Acute awareness, adaptability and agility characterise financial decision-making for this set of people. They assert control over their financial outcomes, take calculated risks, and get aggressive when necessary. This confidence serves them well, when administered mindfully.


give the detail description of Tactical Tiger.
An acute awareness of their surroundings, combined with the ability to act with agility and swiftness, makes them perfectly capable of achieving difficult goals. They assert and maintain control over the outcome of a situation by keeping a watchful eye and never letting their guard down. They possess the optimal blend of strategical skills and emotional intelligence — they tend to be bold and risk-taking, while also being careful; they’re clever and tactful, patient and persistent, and they can also be zealous when required. They’re equipped to be self-sufficient owing to their robust decision-making, observant nature, and tendency to adapt easily to situations.


How many or What are the Tactical Tiger recommendations/suggestions ?
Based on your Tactical Tiger traits, here are our recommendations to help you make sound financial decisions. 
	1. Engage with instruments that feed your curiosity and hunger for growth. These could be equity instruments (both domestic and international), alternative investments like commercial real estate, REITs, etc. or new-age products like cryptocurrencies and P2P lending.
	2. Avoid over-diversification — give your investments the time they need to yield returns, and maintain adequate liquidity at all times.
	3. Use your methodical approach to your advantage by committing to a framework that allows you to review your finances periodically.


How many or What are the Tactical Tiger behavioural bias ?
We have also identified a behavioural bias that you’re likely to display while making financial decisions, and should be conscious of:
	Overconfidence Bias :
	You may, at times, exhibit unwarranted faith in your own abilities, judgements and knowledge levels, which can manifest as attributing success to your skills and failures to external factors. This bias might convince you to underestimate risks and overestimate returns, which would lead to a highly concentrated portfolio. 