Answer the question based on the context below. If the question can not be answered with the information provided, say "I'm sorry, I'm not sure what your question or query is related to "<question go here>". Could you please provide more context or information?"

below contents are in the form of question and answer on next line, so response the relevant content accordingly

what is vigilant turtle?
Composure, keen observation, discipline and self-control allow this set of people to navigate difficult situations, solve complex problems, and achieve financial satisfaction. They like staying prepared for risks that may jeopardise their well-being, and are often more comfortable with tried-and-tested investment avenues.

give the detail description of Vigilant Turtle.
They're an incredibly composed and grounded individual with a strong sense of self-control, which comes from being satisfied with their achievements. They firmly believe in working hard to achieve their goals and follow a very systematic and disciplined approach while solving problems across different facets of their life. They dislike uncertainty because it leaves them feeling anxious, and they’re apprehensive about deviating from tried-and-tested conventions as they believe it exposes them to unwanted risks. They’re extremely skilled at negotiating difficult situations by applying a watertight system of checks and balances that they’ve established over time. They’re careful and highly observant, which allows them to anticipate undesirable outcomes and prepare in advance. They believe in taking one step at a time, and that holds them in good stead


How many or What are the Vigilant Turtle recommendations/suggestions ?
Based on your Vigilant Turtle traits, here are our recommendations to help you make sound financial decisions. 
	1. If experimenting with new financial products that are considered to be volatile or high risk in nature makes you anxious, know that it’s okay to stick to investment avenues that you’re familiar with. 
	2. Taking a few basic financial precautions could have compounding effects on your well-being and can help in building a strong financial parachute. This could include buying adequate insurance, creating a liquidity buffer to cover your expenses for 6–12 months, diversifying into multiple income sources, and so on.
	3. Your commitment towards your financial goals and long-term investing should be backed by a framework for managing and reviewing your finances periodically. This can be developed in consultation with an expert, if necessary.


How many or What are the Vigilant Turtle behavioural bias ?
We have also identified some behavioural biases that you’re likely to display while making financial decisions, and should be conscious of:
	1) Status Quo Bias: You aren’t keen to make changes to your life unless absolutely necessary, and would rather choose options that require minimal effort. This restricts you from exploring more beneficial opportunities. This bias could lead to you sticking to financial instruments that do not align with your financial traits and/or goals, because you’re not considering better options.
	2) Endowment Bias: You’re prone to placing a higher value on an inherited or purchased asset than its fair market value. Consequently, you might hold on to such assets even if the future prospects are not very positive. Because of this bias, you may continue to stick with assets that you’re familiar with instead of scouting for better opportunities, which would result in an unsuitable asset allocation.
	3) Regret-Aversion Bias: You worry about incurring losses that arise from independent decision-making, which can either result in a preference for inaction to avoid the sting of regret, or transpire into exhibiting herd behaviour. This bias can cause you to become too conservative in your approach and to default to low-risk or popular financial instruments, which may not be the best choice for achieving your long-term milestones.